[Python] Index querying pages batch [Replace C# samples] (#1845)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.4/Raven.Documentation.Pages/indexes/querying/faceted-search.python.markdown

{CODE-TABS/}

---

#### Query results:

{CODE:python facets_21@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE:python facets_22@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Storing facets definition in a document}

#### Define and store facets in a document:

* The facets definitions can be stored in a document.

* That document can then be used by a faceted search query.

{CODE:python facets_23@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}

---

#### Query using facets from document:

{CODE-TABS}
{CODE-TAB:python:Query facets_24@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TAB:python:RawQuery facets_24_rawQuery@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TAB-BLOCK:sql:RQL}
from index "Cameras/ByFeatures"
select facet(id("customDocumentID"))
{CODE-TAB-BLOCK/}
{CODE-TABS/}

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Syntax}

{CODE:python syntax_1@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}

| Parameter                    | Type                       | Description                                                                                       |
|------------------------------|----------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **builder_or_facet** (Union) | `Callable[[FacetBuilder]`<br>**or**<br>`FacetBase` | Builder with a fluent API that constructs a `FacetBase` instance<br>**or**<br>`FacetBase` implementation defining the facet and its options |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **builder_or_facet** (Union) | `Callable[[FacetBuilder]`<br>**or**<br>`FacetBase` | Builder with a fluent API that constructs a `FacetBase` instance<br>**or**<br>`FacetBase` implementation instance|
```

Author: done

> | **facets**                   | `List[FacetBase]`                                  | A list of `FacetBase` implementations. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **facets**                   | `List[FacetBase]`                                  | A list of `FacetBase` implementation instances. |
```

Author: done

| **facet_setup_document_id**  | `str`                   | ID of a document containing `FacetSetup` |

{CODE-TABS}
{CODE-TAB:python:Facet syntax_2@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TAB:python:RangeFacet syntax_3@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TAB:python:FacetBase syntax_4@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TAB:python:FacetAggregation syntax_5@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}
{CODE-TABS/}

**Fluent API builder methods**:

{CODE:python syntax_6@Indexes\Querying\FacetedSearch.py /}

| Parameter       | Type                        | Description |
|-----------------|-----------------------------|-------------|
| **field_name**  | `str` | The index-field to use for the facet |
| **path**        | `str` | Points to the index-field to use for the facet (`ByRanges`, `ByField`) or for the aggregation (`SUM_ON`, `MIN_ON`, `MAX_ON`, `AVERAGE_ON`) |
| **display_name** | `str` | If set, results of a facet will be returned under this name |
| **options**     | `FacetOptions` | Non-default options to use in the facet definition |
| **range_**     | `RangeBuilder` | A range of indexes |

> | **\*ranges**     | `RangeBuilder` | Multiple index ranges (at least one), separated by `,` |

Reviewer: the `range_` argument is the first one
if user would like to pass more, we have *ranges for it

Author: done
